[Cosmos] Add max_integrated_cache_staleness param option to item methods (#22946)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 4.3.0b3 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

> - Added new **provisional** `max_integrated_cache_staleness_in_ms` parameter to item read and query methods in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new **provisional** `max_integrated_cache_staleness_in_ms` parameter to read item and query items APIs in order
```
